# fn_js

FnJs - JavaScript client for fn_js
The open source serverless platform.
This SDK is automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project:

- API version: 0.1.29
- Package version: 0.1.29
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/),
please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install fn_js --save
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing 
into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

Finally, switch to the directory you want to use your fn_js from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

You should now be able to `require('fn_js')` in javascript files from the directory you ran the last 
command above from.

#### git
#
If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.
https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/fn_js
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install YOUR_USERNAME/fn_js --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file, that's to say your javascript file where you actually 
use this library):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var FnJs = require('fn_js');

var api = new FnJs.AppsApi()

var app = "app_example"; // {String} Name of the app.


var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully.');
  }
};
api.appsAppDelete(app, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://127.0.0.1:8080/v1*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*FnJs.AppsApi* | [**appsAppDelete**](docs/AppsApi.md#appsAppDelete) | **DELETE** /apps/{app} | Delete an app.
*FnJs.AppsApi* | [**appsAppGet**](docs/AppsApi.md#appsAppGet) | **GET** /apps/{app} | Get information for a app.
*FnJs.AppsApi* | [**appsAppPatch**](docs/AppsApi.md#appsAppPatch) | **PATCH** /apps/{app} | Updates an app.
*FnJs.AppsApi* | [**appsGet**](docs/AppsApi.md#appsGet) | **GET** /apps | Get all app names.
*FnJs.AppsApi* | [**appsPost**](docs/AppsApi.md#appsPost) | **POST** /apps | Post new app
*FnJs.RoutesApi* | [**appsAppRoutesGet**](docs/RoutesApi.md#appsAppRoutesGet) | **GET** /apps/{app}/routes | Get route list by app name.
*FnJs.RoutesApi* | [**appsAppRoutesPost**](docs/RoutesApi.md#appsAppRoutesPost) | **POST** /apps/{app}/routes | Create new Route
*FnJs.RoutesApi* | [**appsAppRoutesRouteDelete**](docs/RoutesApi.md#appsAppRoutesRouteDelete) | **DELETE** /apps/{app}/routes/{route} | Deletes the route
*FnJs.RoutesApi* | [**appsAppRoutesRouteGet**](docs/RoutesApi.md#appsAppRoutesRouteGet) | **GET** /apps/{app}/routes/{route} | Gets route by name
*FnJs.RoutesApi* | [**appsAppRoutesRoutePatch**](docs/RoutesApi.md#appsAppRoutesRoutePatch) | **PATCH** /apps/{app}/routes/{route} | Update a Route
*FnJs.TasksApi* | [**tasksGet**](docs/TasksApi.md#tasksGet) | **GET** /tasks | Get next task.
*FnJs.VersionApi* | [**versionGet**](docs/VersionApi.md#versionGet) | **GET** /version | Get daemon version.


## Documentation for Models

 - [FnJs.App](docs/App.md)
 - [FnJs.AppWrapper](docs/AppWrapper.md)
 - [FnJs.AppsWrapper](docs/AppsWrapper.md)
 - [FnJs.Error](docs/Error.md)
 - [FnJs.ErrorBody](docs/ErrorBody.md)
 - [FnJs.NewTask](docs/NewTask.md)
 - [FnJs.Route](docs/Route.md)
 - [FnJs.RouteWrapper](docs/RouteWrapper.md)
 - [FnJs.RoutesWrapper](docs/RoutesWrapper.md)
 - [FnJs.TaskWrapper](docs/TaskWrapper.md)
 - [FnJs.Version](docs/Version.md)
 - [FnJs.Task](docs/Task.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

 All endpoints do not require authorization.

